Why is it you again?
I told you he needs a good rest
Besides, he's allergic to alcohol
And you let him drink?
How to be a boyfriend
You are allergic
Is it serious? It's alright this time.
But not next time.
It must be taken seriously.
Ok he's alright
Just a moment.
Ok right
Apply the ointment I just gave you to him.
Uh uh okay
Said that Mr. Gu checked it out
Lucy should have been drunk by Mr. Shen
Mr. Shen should be trying to help Shen Pinting vent his anger
Shen Pinting is out
Mr. Shen found someone to borrow your mother's name
Pulled him out
As soon as Mr. Shen received him, he called Lucy over
But it seems that only one drink was given to him
Go to your mother's side
It should also be the situation of audit suspension
Oh, I see.
Why does Mr. Gu have time to call me?
I'll give you one day to send Shen Pinting out
Don't go, this is to kill you
Just a secretary
Are you sure you want to be with me for him?
Don't make me do it myself
Okay, okay, I'll send him abroad right now
He is not allowed to come back in the short term
Mr. Zhu, do you think this is satisfactory?
Collaboration with scrutiny
I'll follow up with someone else.
Mr. Gu is really tight
I've got him anyway
It doesn't matter if he comes again or not.
Pardon me?